When Kou and Alicia were sent to the past, God of Earth realized that letting them Gods know about this matter will make things very complicated. (Two person who actively acting against them are troblesome), so the God of Earth decided to change their memory in a way that conceale the "travel to the past" thing?

(Seem like doing that bear no fruit tho)

Both of them got broken memory in regard of the other.

Alicia is a "talentless" student of the Demon academy. Got bullied often because of that.
She know a lot of magic, but can only proficiently use very few magic.
Her only family/friend is her brother, who is often not home.

Mel (Merlin) wants to destroy the Demon Lord forever, so she tried to put the "heart" into ppl who she can easily killed.
Well, the experiment is not very successful tho.
That time, the target is Alicia' brother.
He is ambushed, then killed. However, the "heart" somehow, is still alive.
So, naturally, she move to the next target, incidentally is that guy's little sister.
However, cant ambush her. She used weird magic (actually, normal magic, but weirdly)
Alicia does dungeon crawl pretty often? I mean, what does she do in her free time tho?
When Alicia receive the bad news, she decide to travel the world.
Merlin, who see the "heart" inside of Alicia, insist of coming along.

Kou was summoned before that happened.
He was weak, one of the weakest Hero ever, compare to other Hero, that is. When he compare himself with others people (that is not a hero), he realize that his grow rate is considerable faster... which is weird.
However, he is still "weak"
So, he abandon conventional method and trying his own, which make him considerably stronger.

So, they met in a dungeon (the one with the Cursed City, actually), when they are trapped by weird magic.
It take considerable time to get out of that place, but during that time they has already learnt countless thing from each other.

Even after that, they still met often at the hidden city they found at the end of the abyss. (to Dungeon crawl together, and sometime join the Festivals there)

Kou with knowledge of Physics, and Alicia with knowledge of Magics. They created thousands of unique spells.
And their growth rate became phenomenal.

It doesnt take very long before Kou became the strongest "Human" in the history, and Alicia to became the strongest "Demon"

Thing gone South once they found out about the Demon Lord system, and the fact that Alicia is a Demon Lord.

Kou desperately find a way to save Alicia, but to no avail.
Alicia want herself to be killed (by Kou) before the Demon Lord can rampage.
That would be what happened if Merlin didnt interfere and ruined everything.

Well, Kou still killed the Demon Lord easily. That mindless monster cant even compare with a corner of Alicia.

Now, the Demon Lord is killed, Kou dedicated himself to finding a way to "cure" Demon Lord, if it happened once more.

He find out about the Soul, the Body Enhancer, and the Magic Core.
And about the fight between two gods.

That when all of Human decide to betray, and killed hi,


