
In a world of sword and magic, there lives a little slave girl in an unknown town.

All day long, what she gets are beatings. "It is a Demon.", they says. "It would be dead anyway.", they says.
However, the girl herself seems to agree with this. She wont complain. She wont fight back. She wont even feel hatred toward the beaters. All shes ever done is to look at them with emtpy eyes, devoid of emotion.

She knows that, she would eventually die beaten in here, die being a plaything, or killed on the street. "There is no reason to fight back.", she thinks. She would die anyway, noone left to feel sorry for her, so why bother? Noone will ever want a Demon like her, and even if they do, the best treatment she could ever get is being a toy. If that happens, she would rather kill herself.

However, what really happens is beyond her imagination.

The first person who bought her is a man completely different from what she had expected.
He is a young Human man. His eyes as deep as the abyss.

"What is your name?", he asked.

"Riel." 

###

The man is weird.
He would spend days looking at books and papers, then scribles unintelligible symbols. 
He would spend nights fighting monster in the Nest, always returns tattered.
The weirdest part is he treat her like a normal Human, despite herself being a Demon.

But she cannot understand why her master didnt use her for anything.
Even if she asks, there is no answer.

But she wants to help. So she asks.
She can read, she could help him with the books.
She can fight, she could help him with the Nest. 

The master is suprised, but agreed to let her help.
Reading books, fighting alongside her master, proper meal and sleep.
This life is much more pleasant than the hell she has experienced in the slave den.

###

One day, her master brings her to a vacant spot in a deep dark forest.
"Run toward the North, to that giant tree.", he says while pointing. "You will see a Demon Village after a day moving."
He doesnt need her anymore, he says. She is free, he says.

But, she doesnt want to live at a strange village, with a strange race she know so little about. She wants to serve him, to actually help him, not to be a good-for-nothing, never again. She doesnt want this life of her to come to an abrupt stop, not ever again.

So she asks her master, one more time.
"Can I stay?"
She want to stay, even if it is very harsh.
She want to stay, even if she could die.
She want to stay, even if that means she could never life a normal life anymore.

"If the life with you is not normal, I dont want to live a normal life."

For the first time, she asks the name of her master.
"Eisen.", he answered. "Call me Eisen."

######

Thanks to her boldness, she continues to serve Eisen.

Now, she knows that there are more about her master than she could ever tell berfore.

He has peculiar ways to travel, which are many times faster than using magic cart. She wonders why wont he use those sooner?
He never tells her his purpose, the only thing she ever knows is the next town, the next destination.

The time when they could work side-by-side feel like a lie.

However, he is still like that.
Working restlessly from dawn to dusk. Still kind and gentle toward her.
But something is different.

Thank to Riel, he doesnt have to push himself to fight in the Nest anymore. 
But, his smile, used to feel warm to her, now she realise that smile is devoid of joy.
Regularly work himself to total exhaustion.
Never make any connection. Trying his best to hide from someone unknown to Riel.
There are even times she heard her master crying in his room.

She doesnt know what does her master want to achieve, but she does know that he is in despair.

He is a prodigy with thousands of unique magics.
He could even make magic devices.

If the Royal Family know of his existence, he would be promoted to Head Mage immediately. Selling one of his magic devices to a merchant will give him enough money to live in luxury for the rest of his life.

Why wont he do that?
Why did he have to push himself so much?
Why would he need to hide himself so carefully?

What cant he do that pained him so much?

####

One day, there is a merchant called Glenn want to make a contact. Glenn apparently is a very big and powerful merchant, and he want to buy one of Eisen's magic device.

Glenn wants to buy the Flying board - a magic devices Eisen used to move between towns quickly.

Glenn makes an appointment. Then they meet up. The deal concludes with Eisen recieved a very big sum of money for the design of the Flying board.

Riel is hope that maybe after this her master doesnt have to work so hard anymore. But no.
After that, nothing really changes. Her master still work himself to exhaustion. There is still crying sound in the room where Riel cannot enter.

But now, one thing has changed. 
Riel recieves an unusually offer.
"Get us more information on Eisen", they say. 
Riel would refuse this, she doesnt even need to think twice. She cannot reveal the identity her master is trying to hide. But when they show her the sight of a particular man under a deep dark dungeon, she cant anymore.

Even if she knows that doing what they said would only harmed both of them, she could not refuse.

Riel's life has now collapsed one more.

###

From that point onward, she would constantly try to get more information of Eisen.

If Riel asks, he would answer. She cannot ask weird questions. 

He says that he is from the Capital.
He says that he doesnt have any family.
His knowledge came from reading book, he says.
The next place he is coming is the next town, he says.

He is still hiding his true self, Riel could feel it. 
The request of the mysterious person aside, Riel is really frustrated. He would never be honest with her, no matter how close she thinks she is to him.
But there is one question. "Do you have a friend, master?", Riel asks.
Eisen stops for a bit. Then he answers. "There is only you who considered me as a friend.", he asserts.

He is lying, again. But somehow, for this one question, there is a tint of sadness in his eyes.

Its about an old friend of him, she could guess. A person who no longer considered Eisen as a friend, but is still dear in his heart nontheless.

Is that what make him crying alone in his room all those days?
Is that what make him constantly work himself to near-death all those days?
Is that what make his eyes so devoid of light?

Seeing the sadness in her master eyes, she could not deceive her master anymore.

She cut the connection, and then trying telling Eisen about the issue, but she could not make herself to speak. Noone is harmed. They know nothing important. She could just shut up and everything will pass.

Even if they use their all, the chance of her actually find "him" is near zero. There is no way, they would left "him" at a place reachable for them, especially when they know Eisen can travel real fast.

But this has left Riel a very uncomfortable atmosphere when shes with her master.

####

The uncomfortable air continues for a couple of days.
Until when they reach a specific city.

The city atmosphere is kind of weird.

On the appearance, it is a bustling merchant city. Hard-working cilivians would go about their day peacefully.
But when their enter the slum, things turn sour.

The slum area take up to two-third of this city's area.
The living condition in this place is the worst compared to all the city they have visited.

This "city" is basically a giant slum, with a small part of it actually being a city.

And the famous Glenn is mentioned everywhere.

This town is apparently where Glenn's company's headquarter located.
Riel only want to quickly do anything they need to do, then leave this place as fast as possible. This city make she feel uncomfortable
When they're wandering in the slum area doing transactions, they are ambushed.
The attackers are strong. Riel could not even react properly.

It take Riel some time to deal with the attackers, but in that frame of time, Eisen has already disappeared.

Riel really freaking out. Her master is not the combat type (as far as she know). With the strength of these attackers, Eisen might not be able to put up even a proper fight.
In reality, they might be aiming for his magic devices, which means his life is not really in danger. But to a panicked Riel, this never crossed her mind.

To find her master, she will use everything she currently has.

After some time scanning through every nook and canny of the city, she found an underground dungeon.
Inside of this place, what greeting her is the sight of her master, beaten.
And Glenn.

Riel uses her all trying to save her master.

but Glenn is very strong.His power exceed everything she has ever seen.It takes her all just to not die immediately.

She is not strong enough, but she wont runaway. Not anymore. (Even when her master trying to chase her away)

When she cannot fight back anymore, dead is closing in. Eisen reveals his true power.
(Eisen wants Riel to, again, betraying him and running away, but she doesnt do that. )

###

Eisen give Riel a short sword.
"insert that into your heart, if you want to come with me."