In a small, unknown village in the countryside of a random, unnamed kingdom. There was a girl.
A young, cheerful, loved and cherished girl.
Her life was peaceful, but her country is at war. She was scared that the war might bring ruin to her small village, but all the villager said that the village is really far from the frontline, so there was nothing to worry about.

One day, her village was attacked by the enemies' army. Its a suprise attack. There was no foresign, no allies, no help, nothing. She was attacked, violated. Her small village is easily burnt to the ground.

The girl survived, but buried under the rubber.
Luckily, a traveler passing by her burnt village noticed, and saved her from the collapsed cottage.

The traveler decided to bring her along, to the nearest towm.
However, the girl cannot stand the fact that the one who saved her life was of the same species as the one who brought her life to ruin.

--------------

Her new life start at a lively town.
Her new family seem nice and friendly.
After her body was healed, she asked her new family to find her a job, and the best job they could find was a server job in a restaurant. She needed to be at work site all day.

She didnt know that the "family" only want her to be out of their sight.

At first, thing seemed to be normal, abeit some odds reactions from people. 
One day, there was this particular customer.

An renowed info-broker.
She is a non-mark, just like the girl. 
Hair as red as spider lily.

The girl really stressed out when first interacting with her, but eventually realise that the info-broker was very nice, until someone foolish enough to mess with her.

The info-broker was waiting for a customer, who was the man that saved the girl a few weeks prior.
(It was a suprise that her savior, who she think was human, actually was a non-mark demon)
Eavesdropping abit tell her that her savior was finding a non-mark demon who was attending the famous magic academy. 
(He done this by asking a list of every non-mark demon currently attend the academy, with their enrolled year and addresses.)

Wanting to know how's the academy, the girl decide to secretly following her savior.

He came at multiple houses, the best attitude he reiceved was complete apathy.

Execpt for one place.
An empty, dilapidated place in the slum.
Noone was there.

Then, he just went straight to the inns.
It was an anti-climatic day.

----

The next day, everyone seems to act a bit odd.
Turn out that a mage found out about Lily's pregancy, of a human child.
So they gang up and tried to stoned her. 

But, the one they're stoning is not her. 
It... someone else who look exactly like her.
Who is that?
(Lily is stll pretty shock about the reveal that she is pregnant.)

Eisen appeared out of nowhere, tried to bring her away from the mob as the person who he said "disguised as her" is actually very competent and could deal with this herself.

Until he spots one/two abnormal shadows in the mob. (Its members of the society. They are trying to take Youmu as member - ofc refusal = death. Eisen doesnt know their intend, he only sees them preparing some kind of magic.)
Then... Klein jumps in, trying to save the fake-Lily.

So he ordered Riel to bring Lily back to the inn. Meet him there. Then he charge out to protect Klein.

------

It seems that they have been discovered by some kind of troublesome organization. Eisen insists all must move immediately.

Youmu: I know some operatable teleporter, maybe I can help.
So the team follow Youmu.

However, when they reached the teleporter, what waiting them was an ambush.
They escaped, but Youmu was blamed for leading them into a trap. If it was not for Lily, she would be killed.

They were completely surrounded by enemies.
Eisen decided that they will leave, but not throught the teleporter, but using his flying board.

They succeeded escaping.

------------

After this, Eisen decided to move to a faraway Human city.
Riel and Klein will follow him.

Lily and Youmu got to decide. They were known of in that organization. They cannot live in the Demon's territory anymore, if they dont want to be that guy's puppet.
Eisen offered them to go with him (with Riel and Klein also). 

Lily agreed immediately.

Youmu has some hesitation. Some questions also. It took some consideration, but eventually she agreed too.

----------
IDEA: 

There is this secret organization, lets call it Illuminati for now, that consist of people who has broke out of "the system", head is actually Demon God.

IDEA:

(A magic user who deal with pregnancy for a lving found out about Lily, and spread rumors)

Youmu found out about the rumors of Lily, disguise as Lily then being stoned at the square.

Eisen realises that the person being stoned is not Lily and she is actually ok rn so he does not intervene. Then Merlin appears (who, according to his memory, capable of breaking his barrier) so he jump in, catch Youmu (disguised), then trying to teleport away by running into some dark alleys.

He... teleports into the inn. (no reason to tele outside tho.)

So the gang group up. Lily is in very bad state (She just learnt that she is preg).
Eisen insist that they move immidiately.

When they head outside, they got Illuminati.
So...the organization want them to join.
Refusal = death.

So they run. Toward a cliff to the sea. Then they jump.

They have been discovered by the secret society, so they should really not live in any Demon city anymore.

(Eisen, who originally has nothing to lose, now prioritied his small make-shift family rather than Alicia)

Eisen, after a couple of hours depressing, proposes everyone come together to live in a small, quiet Human town in the West.

{Youmu}

(
Why Youmu would go with them anyway?
She know that Eisen is a person who do not associate with the system, a.k.a "True Human"/"Pure Breed", but also doesnt associate with "the Society"
Which mean, he know about the society final boss.
=>yeah this is pretty enough for her to follow him.
Why wont her say anything to him?
-Cant. She doesnt know that Kou is also returned, and still have memory. The same applied to Kou.
-unlike Kou, she could move really fast between city. When she arrived at the Capital, the hero is someone else, and there is no record about a previous summoned hero. So she tried to do what is the most rational: Stay in a town where she could find Kou - if he is alive - and also keep herself safe.
)

"Yeah, the war...by the time that town is attacked, we dont need to watch out for the secret society anymore tho."
So they make a boat, then move to their destination.
(The vol end with Eisen says that he can deal with the fetus, if Lily hasnt prepared for it.)






















