They enncounter a burnt village near the border, near the battlefield.

They had walked pass several villages, all of which had been burn to the ground, even this one. Burned body, blood and guts every where.

The brother sensed of someone still breathing under the rubbers. Its a girl, almost dead. They saved the girl, then decide to take her with them, at least to the closest destination.

The girl displayed clear hatred and disgust toward the brother and the master, even tho they are the one who save her. However, she got very close with the little sister.
The brother didnt know why the saved girl act like that, but the master seemed to know. He just didnt tell anyone.

When they reached the nearest Demon town, the master bid farewell to the girl, but order the brother to follow her anyway.

The saved girl came to a place that seemed to be her relative house. The owner of the place seemed friendly, but the brother could see that that is just an act. They were very uncomfortable of the girl's presence. They even find a service job that involving in staying at the place all day just to not seeing her face.

When the brother report this to his master, the master didnt seem to be surprise, but he seemed kinda depressed. The sister said that master had tried all the way he could to find a particular person, but to no avail. 
Knowing that, the brother suggested that the master try to contact an information broker, the best one preferably if he had no problems regrading money.

The next day, the brother follow his master to a tarven, where the master found some info brokers. Upon asking the brokers about "All the non-mark demons currently attending the academy, sort by year", almost all of them cannot give out the appropriate info (mostly because they did not like a non-mark), almost all but one. 
A newly renowed info broker
She scheduled another meet up at the next day, since preparing this kind of info take time.

Back at the boarding place, the little sister's report about the saved girl show that she was constantly abused by the customers, all the staff and the owner of the place. They surely did not like non-mark being near them.

Next day, the information broker actually showed up with good info.

With the broker's info, his master went to check on one particular dilapidated house in the slum. Its seem that the place is abandonded for a couple of months.
According to his observarsion, this place seemed to have at least two people living in this in its old day, one male and one female. Beside that, there was nothing else remarkable about the place.

His master seemed to desperately search the place. Whatever he was finding, he could not find it and be seriously depressed after that.

(NOTE BIG CHANGE: It was like that Alicia has never exist in this timeline in the first place. No, it was like Alicia disappeared right when Eisen returned. This stressed Eisen more than it should.)


###

His master came back to the inn, then just lying on the bed for the rest of the day.
The little sister grown concerned after seeing their master's state. So the sister, with her brother, trying to cheer him up. 

They took him out for a walk around the town's center. At first, he still depressed, then it got more pleasant gradually, but suddenly, the master was surrounded by the guards. They have come to capture his for "suspicision of treason". The siblings were ignored due to some weird magic the master had used. He also gave them an order. It seemed to be "return and prepare".

The brother didnt know why, but he thought he might know why this was happening.
The information broker had betrayed them and sold his master's information for an unknow 3rd party.

So he set up a meeting time with the info broker in a deep dark alley. With the sister guarding the opening, he interrogated the info broker, basically forcing her to admit betraying while drawing his weapon closer and closer. He seemed really angry.

(
Note: this event is similar to the prologue, this is how he was betrayed.
He is trying to find out who has captured Eisen, by intergorrating Youmu,
)

He almost killed her, he would if not for the scream of his sister.

The sister, who seemed trying to protect the saved girl, was being attacked by the townpeople. They are screaming something about them "betrayig the Demon species". So ther brother did what his master usually do: grab both of them and run.

The first thing he did is to return the saved girl to her family. But when he got there, even her family is being angry, there were guard too.
At this place, they learned of what is actually wrong with the saved girl.

**She is pregnant**
(rape victim)

A non-mark got preg with a human's child is considered a curse. So them demanded the girl be killed right there. They tried to advance, but stopped by the siblings.
A guard got a hit on the sister. Her brother went into a rage, slicing said guard (anyone nearby) into a bloody mess.

Until he is stopped by an ethereal white girl.
The mysterious girl trying to calm him down, by healing the little sister, then teleport all of them to a faraway spot.
Its turn out that the ethereal girl is actually the info broker in disguise.

###

Because of the mess currently breaking out in the city, they could not enter to find the master. The info-broker should have asked them to move, or at least leave by herself since a long time ago, but she didnt. Instead, she is staying with them. However , they have more urgent matter to take care of.

The saved-girl, having get over the shock of being attacked from all direction, now had to deal with the shock of being preg at full force. She was clearly panicking. Noone know how to comfort her, or all effort seem to be in vaid, so they just... leave her there.

Miss info-broker suggested that one of them should reenter the city if he want to meet his master again, also not leave the pregged girl alone. The brother still didnt believe in miss info-broker. "Yeah, that makes sense.", she said. "You shouldnt trust a person you just meet. You shouldnt trust a person who you have know for a long time, either.", she said, mysteriously. 

She still wont leave.

He did ask why, the only thing he recieved was that "I dont want to leave a bloody mess of a farewell gift for that poor guy."

























