Elise
Came for greed of power, stayed because of the warmth.
The world wont allow her to, so it take her back to the old hell.
But since she had give her all to her new family, they will also give her their all.

----

A girl came to the new inn that opened in the town (She actually finding the man who kill Glenn)

She asked to be an employee. Even though the place isnt post any hiring wanted, the owner did say that they are short-staffed right now so he agreed to take her in.

Here start the days the young girl living with this weird company.

#

The company have a owner, and a (girl) Demon slave working as staff.

The girl doesnt have a stable place to sleep (actually, she have to stay at another inn) so the owner offer her a room.

She started to actually living with the weird gang, and found out that the owner actually owned two more Demon slaves.

At first, she seemed reluctant when interacting with the slaves. When she realized that the owner and the slaves were very helpful and forgiving, she started to open up more.

She was treat with decency. There were no unreasonable expectations placed on her. Others were warm and cheerful. The meals were lively. Even the wage was delivered right and clear.

(add more)

Its as if the war did not exist. It was pleasant.

She almost completely forgot about her original intention.

Almost.

So, she asked for some days off, to "visit her family".

The oldest Demon man in the staff gave her a necklace, "as a lucky charm".

#

She came back at the castle, where she was supposed to be.

Everyone (even the servants) seems to ridiculed her for disappearing for a month.
All her brothers hated her (for competing with the throne and winning the second place.)
All her sisters advoiding her.
Her father was at best apathy.
The food is of highquality, but she couldnt taste anything.

She missed the food at the inn.

The only one she could talk to is her childhood friend, Gale.

She talked about running, to a place away from this war.
Gale said he will consider it.











