
part 1: Kicked out. (Riel's old life.)
Riel used to be a slave serving in a noble's house, whose members (and staff) seem to not like her very much. The young master seem to like her tho.
She is kicked out because she is much weaker than a normal human.
(Other maids, even tho they often time smaller than her, is always stronger than her)
So once, when she fell because she is trying to catch up to another maid (who is smaller than her), she got kicked out.
After sometime, she is... out of money. She did try to find jobs, but nowhere actually accept her as she is too weak.
Oh and for some reason... people seem to not notice her very much...
So, hungry for too long, she decide to take a risk... and steal some money from a lady who run a vegetable stand in the market.


part 2: Cold. (stealing, then got jumped on. Kou found her.)
So, Riel got some (stolen) money, but not much. Enough for some bread. So she come to a bakery, and buy some bread... That where she meet Kou.
She got accused that her money is stolen, and the one who stand up to protect her is actually Jathy - the slave girl who come along with Kou. Kou only said one sentence audible only to Riel: "You will get caught eventually if you keep doing this.", then leave.
From then onward, Riel continues to steal. She is very unnoticeable, even herself dont know why.
One day, when she trying to steal from a coated girl, she got caugth. (Its fucking Alicia, ofc). Alicia doesnt do anything awful to Riel, just said "You will got caught eventualy if you keep doing this." (Alicia is atually has a smaller statue than Riel, just that Alicia look real rich.) Then just, let go?
Before Long, Riel continues to steal, but this time, even tho they cannot catch her red-handed, they jumped her anyway.
Hurt, cold and hungry, Riel curled in a dark corner of the town.
Thats when Kou find her.

part 3: Dungeon Crawler. (Riel is discovered as a Cursed)
He treats Riel a meal and give her a place to sleep for the night, with the condition that Riel has to help him in the dungeon the next day. Even tho Riel know for sure that she cannot fight, and will probably become the bait once shit goes down, but agreed anyway because.. she would die of the cold if she lied here anyway.

The next day, before enter the dungeon, Kou meet up with a Info Broker, who, incidentally, is the one who stop Riel couple of days before.
(Kou and Alicia convo felt like its of two long known friends.)
Kou want information about "Gleen". So information about Gleen is given to him.

Then, after some preparation ( Its actually just Kou buying Riel some equipments, which included a short sword, a spear and some armor ), they join a party of 2 more and enter the dungeon.

(Kou knew that Riel is a Cursed, and cant actually be targeted by monster, so he and Riel will be the one do the attacks)
Using Kou's strat, which is just the other two stalling the monster with Riel and Kou do the final blow, they kill quite a few monster.

After that, they sell the loot, everyone got their part, and the party disband.
("You are a decent Crawler, why dont you make money this way instead of dying of cold on the sidewalk?")

First time ever, Riel feel herself useful (and strong). Naturally she want to continue.
Then she just come to her room and... sleep like a log.

The following days, she would continue to "crawl dungeon", to the point that she become "Riel the unconceivable". She is not rich or anything, but life is good.

Kou himself is away, to another city. Alicia talking to her occasionally tho.

Everything is ok, until the Gleen is back to the city.

part 4: Discovered. (The battle with Gleen)
So, this Gleen guy is feared by all the city.
Even the Top Crawler of the city have to humble before him.
But he seem to be a nice guy?
Alicia still advice Riel to stay away from him.
Not very long until the name of "Riel the unconceivable" reaches Gleen, and he decide to check who is this lil brat.
(Gleen has the All Seeing skill, allows him to see oppo's stat)
When Gleen see Riel, he know, for sure, this is a Cursed.
So he invite Riel to his house, to check.
Sure enough, Riel doesnt know that she is a Cursed.
(At this point, Alicia already called Kou back)
From that onward, Riel's life is still the same, except for Gleen occasional invitaion.
He seem nice, and has nothing bad going under him.
but Alicia still warned her to stop going to that guy's place. He is not as nice as he make it seem.
So, one time, she is invited to his place again.
And she got ambush.
Alicia saw this and burst her out, abeit being beated.
They (mostly Alicia) tried to run toward the forest. Gleen wont let they tho, because Riel would be much stronger in the Forest.
However, somehow Kou got there just in time, drag them some more seconds to finally reach the forest.
Here, Kou and Alicia use their full power to kill off Gleen (which is horrifying btw) Gleen full power is so overwhelming, but Kou and Alicia can stand off him.
(The fight end with Kou dealing a fatal cut on him)
Riel want to return to the old city, but both Kou and Alicia object. The entire city know that Riel is a Cursed now (probably). The high-ups will want her body, for experiments.
Kou is going to "City of the cursed", where Cursed are accepted. He suggest Riel to come with him.
(
    "City of the Cursed" is a city in the middle of a dungeon. In that dungeon, there is a temple.
)

(Riel got tired, so she sleep first)
Riel sleep like a log.
Alicia know that Kou is a Cursed, and vice versa, after that fight.
That why he suggest they to stick together.
Why didnt he do that after he found out Riel?
That city is not originally his intended destination, but now, he cannot go anywhere but there. Naturally he wants Riel, a Cursed, and Alicia, who he just realized is also a Cursed, to join him.
But Alicia refused, as she got a more important matter to deal with.

